HeeJin : It’s the third day in New Zealand
HyunJin is doing something special again today…
HyunJin : I have a cold
HeeJin : Because she slept with a window open last night
HeeJin : You know that? You’re the member of girl group!
HyunJin : (A TOUGH GIRL) So what?
They came to the sea of Nea Zealand!
HyunJin : I’d like to go fishing~
ViVi : Fishing??
HyunJin : I’d like to catch ViVi
Of course, ViVI can’t understand it
ViVi : What is that mean?
HyunJin : It means ‘deceive’ in Korean!
ViVi : I don’t know
ViVI : Good weather~ good feeling~
'1, 2, 3!'
'Is it good?'
ViVi : It’s so good~
HaSeul : But, our manager has eaten it all…
HyunJin : So we always eat these things..
HaSeul : Thank you for the food!
HeeJin : Right
HeeJin : Though we just ate some vegetables~ I'm just kidding
HaSeul : Right~
HeeJin : Would someone turn off the camera?
HaSeul : POP!!